All right guys it's now time for you to practice a couple problems so I have two quizzes.
The first is on charging by induction and the second one is on cool Ohm's Law.
They are more conceptual questions or short questions.
All right they're not very long they're multiple choice.
Some of them involve some small calculations.
OK.
So go ahead.
There are two PDA F's that are attached to this video here.
Have a look at them.
Try them out for yourself.
Then look at the video solutions and the explanations.
Make sure you understand these two concepts because they're going to be really important moving forward.
All right let's get started.